---
title: 'I smile at every customer that comes in here.'
date: '2022-08-27'
tag1: 'Futurama'
tag2: 'Daily'
---

# I smile at every customer that comes in here

But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. We'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go home. Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged.

I had more, but you go ahead. We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil! Ours is small and neutral! She also liked to shut up! I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. **Humans dating robots is sick.** _You people wonder why I'm still single?_ It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans!

## With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun!

I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped.

1. Why would I want to know that?
2. If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.
3. Ow, my spirit!

### I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day.

But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. There's one way and only one way to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain!

- For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored.
- Well, let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it.
- Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you.

Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? And then the battle's not so bad? No, just a regular mistake. When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults.

The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well made bed. You will practice until you can make your bed in your sleep. Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars.

Throw her in the brig. A sexy mistake. Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts! Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty? My fellow Earthicans, as I have explained in my book 'Earth in the Balance'', and the much more popular ''Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth', we need to defend our planet against pollution. Also dark wizards.

Goodbye, cruel world. Goodbye, cruel lamp. Goodbye, cruel velvet drapes, lined with what would appear to be some sort of cruel muslin and the cute little pom-pom curtain pull cords. Cruel though they may be… Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you, and if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch. Like a safecracker, or a pickpocket.

Check it out, y'all. Everyone who was invited is here. Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?

No, she'll probably make me do it. You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM! There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors! Oh God, what have I done? If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.

Shut up and take my money! I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… Bender! Ship! Stop bickering or I'm going to come back there and change your opinions manually! Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying!

Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault! I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money.

Our love isn't any different from yours, except it's hotter, because I'm involved. Do a flip! Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head. I was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there!

Kids have names? This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think? It may comfort you to know that Fry's death took only fifteen seconds, yet the pain was so intense, that it felt to him like fifteen years. And it goes without saying, it caused him to empty his bowels.

We're rescuing ya. There's one way and only one way to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain! Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! I can't wait til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff!
