---
title: "Why did 'I' have to take a cab?"
date: '2022-11-27'
tag1: 'Futurama'
tag2: 'Daily'
---

# Throw her in the brig.

For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. You, a bobsleder!? That I'd like to see! How much did you make me? Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.

**n our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms.** _In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms._ And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!

## And why did 'I' have to take a cab?

Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers. Throw her in the brig. I saw you with those two "ladies of the evening" at Elzars. Explain that. Bender?! You stole the atom. You seem malnourished. Are you suffering from intestinal parasites?

1. Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient?
2. Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.
3. Leela's gonna kill me.

### And then the battle's not so bad?

Aww, it's true. I've been hiding it for so long. No! Don't jump! I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

- Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died.
- Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it?
- Hello, little man. I will destroy you!

Or a guy who burns down a bar for the insurance money! Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms.

Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers? Well I'da done better, but it's plum hard pleading a case while awaiting trial for that there incompetence. I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later.

No, I'm Santa Claus! Who are those horrible orange men? Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar. If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.

We're also Santa Claus! Say what? In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms. Who are you, my warranty?! Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"! Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony?

They're like sex, except I'm having them! No! I want to live! There are still too many things I don't own! You can see how I lived before I met you. We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera.

I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything. Yeah, lots of people did. When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults.

I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny! Soothe us with sweet lies. You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal! You wouldn't. Ask anyway!

Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty? What are their names? It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?

Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But, okay! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped. And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you?

Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men. Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat." And "Put on your good vestments."

You are the last hope of the universe. I don't want to be rescued. Hey, guess what you're accessories to. Shut up and take my money!
