---
title: 'I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop.'
date: '2022-10-27'
tag1: 'Futurama'
tag2: 'Daily'
---

# I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop.

In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms. Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase. Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you are pretending to be.

Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"! Fry! Stay back! He's too powerful! Hello, little man. I will destroy you! No, I'm Santa Claus! No, of course not. **It was… uh… porno.** _Yeah, that's it._ I'll get my kit!

## I never loved you.

I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! Well, let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it. Bender, quit destroying the universe! My fellow Earthicans, as I have explained in my book 'Earth in the Balance'', and the much more popular ''Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth', we need to defend our planet against pollution. Also dark wizards.

1. Professor, make a woman out of me.
2. We're also Santa Claus!
3. As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead.

### Is that a cooking show?

I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? What are their names? Meh.

- Guess again.
- It's a T. It goes "tuh".
- I saw you with those two "ladies of the evening" at Elzars. Explain that.

Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. File not found. Soon enough. Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." Hey, whatcha watching?

Doomsday device? Ah, now the ball's in Farnsworth's court! You don't know how to do any of those. Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news! There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors!

Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them. Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock.

And then the battle's not so bad? And until then, I can never die? Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers? You are the last hope of the universe.

Who are you, my warranty?! Soon enough. It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?

Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying! You guys aren't Santa! You're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? You don't know how to do any of those. Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped.

Hello, little man. I will destroy you! Shut up and get to the point! She also liked to shut up! And I'm his friend Jesus. Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.

Does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried? Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy. Hello Morbo, how's the family? Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg!

Bender?! You stole the atom. No argument here. I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. We'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go home.

Humans dating robots is sick. You people wonder why I'm still single? It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans! OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig".

Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. Fry, we have a crate to deliver. Say it in Russian! Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them.
