---
title: "It's fine. I will 'destroy' you"
date: '2022-09-27'
tag1: 'Futurama'
tag2: 'Daily'
---

# It's fine. I will 'destroy' you

Hey, tell me something. You've got all this money. How come you always dress like you're doing your laundry? I'll get my kit! Shut up and get to the point! Now what? Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.

Hey, tell me something. You've got all this money. How come you always dress like you're doing your laundry? Hey, whatcha watching? **Wow!** _A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin?_ You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

## You know, I was God once.

This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry! Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying!

1. Perhaps, but perhaps your civilization is merely the sewer of an even greater society above you!
2. I saw you with those two "ladies of the evening" at Elzars. Explain that.
3. It's okay, Bender. I like cooking too.

### Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere?

I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger. Throw her in the brig. Who are you, my warranty?! Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused.

- Good news, everyone! I've taught the toaster to feel love!
- We're rescuing ya.
- When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults.

Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But, okay! I can explain. It's very valuable. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. You guys aren't Santa! You're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus?

Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. Now what? Or a guy who burns down a bar for the insurance money! Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you. That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"?

I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient? Oh right. I forgot about the battle.

Of all the friends I've had… you're the first. I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan! If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. Hey, whatcha watching? Tell them I hate them.

I don't 'need' to drink. I can quit anytime I want! OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. Say what? No! I want to live! There are still too many things I don't own! They're like sex, except I'm having them!

And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet. Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! I can't wait til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff!

I'm Santa Claus! The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well made bed. You will practice until you can make your bed in your sleep. Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.

As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead. Also Zoidberg. Anyone who laughs is a communist! Who are those horrible orange men? Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume? I'm Santa Claus! Hey, guess what you're accessories to.

That's right, baby. I ain't your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him! Look, last night was a mistake. I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny!

Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute. For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. Meh. Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg! I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money.
